.TH "bperror.h" 3 "12 Nov 2009" "Doxygen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
bperror.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBBPE_INVALID_PARAMETERS\fP   'invalidParameters'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBBPE_NOT_IMPLEMENTED\fP   'notImplemented'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBBPE_INTERNAL_ERROR\fP   'internalError'"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define BPE_INTERNAL_ERROR   'internalError'"the service encounterd an internal error which prevented the completion of the function execution. Be more specific when possible 
.SS "#define BPE_INVALID_PARAMETERS   'invalidParameters'"***** BEGIN LICENSE BLOCK ***** The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version 1.1 (the 'License'); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/
.PP
Software distributed under the License is distributed on an 'AS IS' basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the License.
.PP
The Original Code is BrowserPlus (tm).
.PP
The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Yahoo!. Portions created by Yahoo! are Copyright (C) 2006-2009 Yahoo!. All Rights Reserved.
.PP
Contributor(s): ***** END LICENSE BLOCK ***** Written by Lloyd Hilaiel, on or around Fri May 18 17:06:54 MDT 2007
.PP
Suggested error code strings to use for common error cases. by using these you increase the symmetry between your services and others. Invalid Parameters. BrowserPlus validates the types of top level parameters, but cannot validate semantic meaning (a string as enum), nor complex parameters (Maps and Lists) 
.SS "#define BPE_NOT_IMPLEMENTED   'notImplemented'"An error code to return when functionality is not yet implemented 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen from the source code.
